Jo issues (#428)
OpenIntroStat/ims: 07-model-slr.qmd

#| fig-cap: |
#|   Three datasets where a linear model may be useful even though the data do
#|   not all fall exactly on the line.
#| fig-alt: Three scatterplots with fabricated data.  The first panel shows a 
#|   strong negative linear relationship.  The second panel shows a moderate 
#|   positive linear relationship.  The last panel shows no relationship between 

> #|   the x and y varibles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#|   the x and y variables.
```

## Outliers in linear regression {#sec-outliers-in-regression}

In this section, we discuss when outliers are important and influential.

> Outliers in a bivariate regression model are observations that fall far from the cloud of points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outliers in a regression model with one predictor and one outcome are observations that fall far from the cloud of points.
```
